Documentation update for asa example (#473)
scale-it/algo-builder: examples/asa/README.md

Balances can be queried by executing `algob run scripts/query/john-balances.js`.

This example also includes stateless smart contracts in (`assets/` directory) that showcase the two different modes of operation (contract & signature delegation):

> - [`2-gold-contract-asc.teal`](https://github.com/scale-it/algo-builder/blob/master/examples/asa/assets/teal/2-gold-contract-asc.teal): A lsig in contract mode which approves the transaction if Transaction type is pay or axfer, algo amount AND asset amount is <= 100.

Reviewer: Could you please add the conditions/validations in bullet points? I think that will be more clear.

Author: Good idea

- [`3-gold-delegated-asc.teal`](https://github.com/scale-it/algo-builder/blob/master/examples/asa/assets/teal/3-gold-delegated-asc.teal): A delegated lsig which approves the transaction if Transaction type is pay, and amount is <= 100.
- [`4-gold-asa.teal`](https://github.com/scale-it/algo-builder/blob/master/examples/asa/assets/teal/4-gold-asa.teal): A lsig which approves the transaction if (transaction type is OPT-IN OR (transaction type is asset transfer and sender is `goldOwnerAccount` and asset transfer amount is less than equal to 1000 )).

> - [`5-contract-asa-stateless.py`](https://github.com/scale-it/algo-builder/blob/master/examples/asa/assets/pyteal/5-contract-asa-stateless.py): This program is stateless part of contract owned asa, ASA owned is associated with this contract address, This program checks if:
>     - Creation: Stateful program is always called

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`5-contract-asa-stateless.py`](https://github.com/scale-it/algo-builder/blob/master/examples/asa/assets/pyteal/5-contract-asa-stateless.py): This program is stateless part of contract owned asa, ASA owned is associated with this contract address. Commands:
    - Creation: Stateful program is always called
```
